# Session 14
## 2025 11 09

Looking around after the fight we notice creatures moving around in the weird spooky tree area, and even see an axe buried in the big tree that way, but we're reluctant to do any more fighting.

Aryn climbs the twig and mud effigy looking for the gems we think are buried inside it. She struggles getting through the mud with her dagger and looks around for a better option, but nothing suggests itself.

Banhammer tries just smashing it the statue's knee area (it doesn't have well-defined legs, more of a wide column that becomes more humanoid-like above the waist). Banhammer's maul does seem to slowly be removing mud and sticks from the mass.

We realise that the top of the thing did cop a bit of fire damage from Strahd's fireball, and Charity remembers the Flask of Alchemist's Fire she found in the haunted house. She digs it out and smashes it into the chest of the big effigy. The top half of the thing quickly dries out under the heat of the fire, and over 10 to 15 mins the statue fully catches alight.

> CF: uses her Flask of Alchemists Fire

The statue burns for hours and we end up sleeping most of the night in its flickering light. By dawn, just a spiky stump remains, and on the stump is a glowing green gem. In the ashes tiny green shoots have already sprouted. Banhammer scoops up the gem and stows it in a torso compartment.

> BH: acquires grow gem

Banhammer proposes we go check out the creepy tree area. There's a shiny battleaxe buried in the tree, a corpse lying below the axe, and six needleblights moving around the three area. The tree is clearly evil and we consider if we've had enough evil trees for now, but after a second we decide we might as well clean the place up.

Banhammer steps to the edge of the circle of smaller plants and gives the central tree a hard stare. It appears not to respond to his approach, and blood seems to be leaking out of its trunk. He walks up to the tree and touches it, but then jerks back his hand as a surge of evil flows up his arm.

He reaches for the axe, the nearby bushes spring to life, and we're fighting. There's HEAPS of blights, including a vine blight that pushes vines up through the ground to entangle us, catching Thalion.

Charity puts an arrow into the viney-boi and vaults into a pile of rocks to hide. Thalion is still restrained by vines but calls his Spirit Guardians and they wipe out a lot of the blights.

Aryn thunderclaps a blight and calls out inspiration to Banhammer, who is still surrounded and taking massive damage but seems in good spirits.

We mop up the remaining thorn- and vine-blights pretty quickly. Banhammer weighs the axe in his hand and eyes at the tree speculatively, and with a glance at the skeleton who once presumably wielded this axe, he starts swinging at the tree. The waves of evil are sickening but he pushes through, eventually felling the tree, which triggers a last blast of evil that takes us all by surprise and leaving unpleasant psychic echos in our minds.

The once-shiny axe is now bent and twisted, but Banhammer gives it a few test swings and decides to adopt it as a maul.

> BH: acquires Maddie the Magic Maul

----
**Maddie the Magic Maul**  
_Weapon (maul)_

Maddie's handle is carved with leaves and vines, and the weapon weighs half as much as a normal maul. When the maul hits a plant, whether an ordinary plant or a plant creature, the target takes an extra [1d8](https://app.roll20.net/editor/`/gmroll%201d8) bludgeoning damage. When a creature of non-good alignment wields the maul, it sprouts thorns whenever its wielder makes an attack with it. These thorns prick the wielder for 1 piercing damage after the attack is made, and this damage is considered magical.

**_Versatile._** This weapon can be used with one or two hands. A damage value in parentheses appears with the property- the damage when the weapon is used with two hands to make a melee attack. 

**Damage:** [1d8](https://app.roll20.net/editor/`/gmroll%201d8) ([1d10](https://app.roll20.net/editor/`/gmroll%201d10))  
**Damage Type**: Bludgeoning  
**Properties:** Versatile  
**Weight:** 4

----

We take a short break and finally notice that through the fog to the west, we can see a white fortress on a hill above a big city, perhaps a mile away. We think we hear a church bell.

We head for the path back down the hill, looking forward to getting out of the rain.

We don't see Elvis the were-raven boy anywhere; Thalion finds some signs of a struggle and concludes that he was probably take prisoner. We don't love the idea of telling his dad.

We get to the crossroads where the road to the vineyard splits from the main way, and meet a group of Vistani. We recognise one or two from the camp. Aryn our bard steps forward to talk to them.

We realise they have Elvis, and they start demanding that he told them we have a valuable item and they want it. Thalion is sick of this manipulative bullshit and whips up his bag of Spirit Guardians.

They run to attack; the bandit holding Elvis yells out a question "what do we do with this dickhead?" His captain replies "keep hold of him, he's as valuable as the gem!"

When Charity hits a bandit she calls out "Or, let the boy go, and we'll consider letting YOU go!" but the captain counters and they're not convinced.

Aryn whispers to the nearest bandit that they should run away, and this time this individual seem convinced and turns to flee.

The fight goes our way and the bandit holding Elvis drops him to the ground and also runs away. Thalion Hold-Persons another Vistani bandit and their panic spreads. We advance on their positions and eventually there's one left, sorely wounded. He has nothing to say to us and we leave him and his arrow wound to his friends (or the wolves, whoever gets here first).

We pick Elvis up from the ground and he's hurt and mostly unconscious, but will recover. They've kept from major wounds in order to trade him to their master, Strahd.





