# Session 13
## 2025 11 02

We've agreed to go deal with the druids and hopefully retrieve at least one magical grow-gem. The Were-ravens tell us that the druids are probably at Yester Hill, which was evil even before Strahd came to Borovia.

On the path we see a... something... on the edge of the road. We think about for a minute but in the end Charity sends an arrow at the something, which squarks and runs off. She calls after it "introduce yourself next time instead of sneaking around!"

We continue. Clouds gather and it starts raining. It's still raining as we approach a dark hill, ringed with piled cairns of black rock. West of the hill a bank of fog obscures the woods. A bolt of lightning strikes the hill in the middle of a wall of rock that rings the peak.

Elvis the hot were-raven boy tells us this used to be a beserker place before Strahd and the druids.

We have a quick strat sesh and BH proposes frontal assault. We match up the hill. There are two rings of cairns, each with a path. Charity realises there's a second door into the walled area, and starts to circle clickwise to do a sneak attack from the rear.

Immediately a bunch of mud creatures emerge from the woods and attack with axes (some metal, some stone). Charity is immediately almost overwhelmed but she's still close enough that Banhammer and Thalion arrive at a sprint, as does an additional mud creature who has been confuzzled by a spell of Aryn's and driven to attack one of their mud allies.

We discover that Spirit Guardians work good against mud guys but biting them doesn't work so well, and one of the cairns of rock tumbles apart and a beserker's corpse stumbles toward us. Charity just now realises that these mud people are all resurrected beserkers.

The fight grinds on for a bit but the recurring damage of Thalion's Spirit Guardians and some giant attacks from Banhammer are winning the day. Unfortunately a "fresh" beserker pops out of a cairn right next to Charity and she goes down under its attack. Thalion immediately heals her back up, but Aryn goes down right after.

Thalion heals Aryn and we finally defeat the remaining beserker.

Charity drinks the health potion we found in the haunted death house, and Aryn takes a similar potion offered by Thalion.

CF: uses a health potion
T: uses a health potion

We can't take a break yet so we push ahead, ignoring out wounds. Charity sneaks down the east side of the walled area, intending to snipe in through the southern opening, but she comes across a weird grove of dead trees and shrubs, with a huge misshapen tree in the centre.

Well that was the plan, until she hears a polite "ahem" from Strahd over her shoulder. Charity is definitely not up for any sparkling repartee but reluctantly engages in some conversation. Strahd seems to be okay with us fucking up some druids, so we reach an awkward standoff.

The rest of the group arrive at the main gate. There's a 50 foot statue here made of twigs and earth; it looks like a cloaked vampire. Banhammer walks over to the statue to examine it, finding roots reaching up into the statue from the ground. From the front, there seem to be 6 or so bloody drag marks, leading to fresh druid bodies leaning against the wall at various places.

Aryn is suspicious of the druid corpses and inspects them. They've been killed very recently by having their throats ripped out. We're all creeped out. Thalion detects magic, and senses two vibes in the statue -- a nature magic from the chest, and dark magic similar to the recently destroyed Gulthias staff reaching into the statue's base.

Strahd drops in, surprising everyone except Charity. He starts talking and his voice is chilling. "Alright, your five minutes it up, time for you to return the favour and test my latest creation. But first, some foreplay: the group scene."

The druids shudder to life and attack, while unholy screeching announces a big crowd of enemies outside of the walled area. Under Strahd's eye we engage with the druids, and moments later the outside soul creatures too. We down a couple of druids but their corpses re-animate.

Strahd has a couple of tries to transform Thalion and eventually manages to transmogrify him into a weasel, also transforming his Spirit Guardians into cute little armoured weasels too.

Charity in the southern opening to the circle is being swarmed by zombies, Thalion is a weasel, and Banhammer is swinging is maul at everything he can. Meanwhile Aryn is seeing her worst fears replayed as the druid corpses repeatedly shudder back to life as we kill them. Strahd seems a little impatient and directly resurrects a druid corpse.

There's a massive howl from the north, signifying a fresh new opponent. All in all it's not going well and Strahd tosses a fireball into the centre of the walled circle. It doesn't do what he thinks, hurting the PCs but wiping out all the remaining druids. They fall down, and Strahd swears and rides off on his Night Mare.

The druid corpses aren't twitching any more, Charity dodges into the circle, and we prepare for whatever new threat comes next, which is a bigger tougher resurrected corpse. It wanders into the focussed attacks of us all, but it's dealing massive damage when it lands a hit. We do eventually kill it.


