# Session 12
## 2025 10 19

This cold cellar has pillars and wineracks, and some weird humanoid figures including one guy with antlers.

Banhammer charges past the group and into the room, crashing into a winerack and tipping it onto the people behind. Some bottles crash out on the floor, spilling purple grape mash. Banhammer cops a devastating hit from a nearby needley twig creature.

The druid who had just dodged the winerack throws an entangling vine spell into the stairwell and catches us all.

We all pull free of the vines but aside from Banhammer we're still cramped up on the stairs and can't save Banhammer from the hits. Thalion pushed through and heals BH as well as busting up another needleblight.

Charity dodges into the room to a spot in the corner and shoots at the druid. Behind her she realises another druid is on the spiral ramp that leads up from the corner she's standing in.

We're just getting on top of the fight when the new arrival on the ramp blasts Charity and Thalion with a Thunderwave, but it's not enough to turn the tide and we clean up the opponents in this half of the cellar, taking out the ramp druid just as his staff starts glowing.

Thalion collects the staff, which is black and radiates evil.

> T: acquires the Gulthias staff (and tries to break it but can't)

We take a short rest and all level up.

We reflect on what we need to do next. We've cleared out the farmhouse, so the vinters can move back in, but we also want to get a delivery to Kresk, so we want them to get that delivery ready, perhaps while we go visit the abbey.

We're still talking about the plan as we walk outside and find Strahd, hovering on his fiery Night Mare steed. He chats up the women of the group but soon announces he's leaving, and says "I brought some friends that wanna party, have fun!" and the bodies of some of the druids we killed here earlier come shambling toward us.

Hurt by the repartee, Strahd drops a fireball on us as the druids attack. Charity's first shot crits the furtherest away resurrected druid, and Thalion and his Spirit Guardians pile on to take it out.

Strahd quickly decides to exit the area, but as he goes he tosses back a spell that hits Aryn, transmogrifying her into a rat.

We're a little taken aback but Rat Aryn gives us a thumbs up and enthusiastically bites at the nearest druid. With Strahd gone we quickly mop up the resurrected druids.

Thalion starts building a fire to burn the Gulthias staff, which screams piercingly as it burns to ash.

> T loses the Gulthias staff

The vinter family creep up and we fill them in. Davian and his sons are missing, but after a few minutes a few ravens come down and transform into the previously missing men. They explain that they're one of the families of were-ravens, and some of the other families work for Strahd, but some are neutral like these guys.

The sons head into the house to assess the damage, and return looking concerned. We deduce that they were hoping their magical grow gem might be here somewhere.

We describe how we'd like to grab the Kresk delivery soon if we could. They seem like they want to ask us about something, and we eventually ask if we can keep an eye out for their grow gem. They explain that there used to be three, but the druids took the last one, and aside from the harm to the winery business, it's also concerning that the druids will be doing *something* with it, and maybe Strahd is involved?

We discuss briefly and agree that we can head south in pursuit of Strahd and the druids, perhaps to prevent some current evil ceremony. We wonder out loud if some brave soul in the were-raven family might like to scout for us on the way, and youngest son Elvir volunteers, to the chagrin of the older folk in the family and the support of the more rebellious younger folk.

Dravian offers us a few bottles of wine, and a locket.

> Group acquires some wine, which might have magical effects

> T acquires the Amulet of the Devout +1