# Session 7
## 2025 06 15

So we had a terrible night's sleep and all start the next day with an Exhaustion. The road ahead is through more mountainous forest, and we set off.

We pass a sort of long driveway leading up to a windmill. It's raggy looking but still turning in the wind. We remember the dream-pastry lady said she makes her things in a mill, and have a brief chat about if we want to visit; we realise we could push on for Valaki and make it late tonight, and the thought of avoiding another night in the wild motivates us to skip the mill.

A raven is watching us; Charity sneaks a shot at it and flukes a direct hit. She collects the raven's skull and spends the next hour scraping it clean and stringing it onto a cord to wear around her neck.

> CF: acquires a cord necklace with a raven skull

We walk through the dusk, and as the night falls Banhammer warns us of wolves ahead. Thanks to his warning the wolf ambush doesn't surprise us.

The pack closes on the frontmost characters; the normally ferocious sized wolves seem not so much of a challenge but the two mummy-daddy and daddy-mummy sized monster wolves are much more of a threat.

The wolves are surprisingly agile and throw us around a bit, but we eventually metaphorically chew through them, even as most of us have injuries from their literal chewing through us. A short rest helps the most injured heal up a little.

We push through the dark, still hoping to make it to Valaki tonight. Ahead we see a heap or pile in the road; maybe it's a person, sitting hunched over?

Banhammer walks up to the shape. It's a pile of clothes, spattered with blood. Charity scans the forest as the rest of the group inspect the fresh corpse. Eventually we work out that this was a victim of the wolves.

Ismark suggests we put a stake thorough the corpse's heart before moving on, and we agree. Banhammer take a couple of tries to get it done but afterward we move the body aside and move on in sombre silence.

Soon after we approach the closed gates of Valaki. Charity talks to the gate guards and introduces herself, Ireena and Ismark. It's a dicey conversation and we just can't convince them that we're not vampires or something.

They suggest that we pick out one of the abandoned houses and stay there overnight. We're exhausted and just pick a house more or less at random, sleeping well into the day before we waken.

This time the gates are open, but we are met by guards, a different group from the night guards we spoke to before.

They ask for our reasons for travel; Banhammer speaks to them and we are let in with a stern warning to leave right after the Festival of the Blazing Sun. Charity asks for the name of the guy she was talking to last night, but they don't know. They tell her he'll be breaking his fast in the evening, maybe in the mess or maybe in the Bluewater inn.

We pass Arisek Stockyard in which we see Rictavio's Carnival of Wonders painted on the side of a wagon. It's closed up so we don't bother knocking.

Charity leads the group into an indoor market looking for incense and herbs to do her Find Familiar spell. She locates a middle-aged couple at a counter -- the eponymous Ariseks, Ylena and Gunther -- who seem likely to be the right kind of vendor. They offer a serviced stall for Sir Carrots while we're in town, for two gold a day (20gp) and 20gp for the incense portion of Charity's Find Familiar components.

> CF: spends 40gp; acquires incense plus lodging for Sir Carrots

They confirm that Rictavio is storing his wagon here, not actually running his Carnival. They've never see the Carnival but Rictavio is a bit of a character, brightly dressed and full of entertaining stories of dubious truth. They think he used to be a carnival ringmaster and they guess he's staying at the Bluewater.

As we're leaving, we think we see Rictavio's wagon move a little like there's someone inside. Weird.

We head deeper into town and find the town centre. A few men, women, and children are in stocks and wearing fake donkey heads. Proclamations litter the square advertising the Wolf's Head Jamboree, hosted by The Baron.




