# Session 4
## 2025 04 27

So we chose to visit the *Blood on the Vine* tavern in the centre of this nameless village.

As we consider the tavern we hear the gentle creaking of a bakery cart. A older lady hauling a cart behind her is coming up a street. When she sees us she stopped, and when Charity approaches she scurried behind her cart.

Charity freezes for a moment, looks around, the holds out her hand for a handshake. "Hi! I'm Charity. Charity Flowerhope, of the Waterdeep Flowerhopes."

The bakery lady doesn't appear to trust the Waterdeep Flowerhopes.

Aryn attempts a "Hi! We're not evil, we're good folk!". This works a little, and our new companion offer us her pies for a gold each. Charity buys one and as politely as she can, carefully examines it.

"Is this your first dream pie?" asks the lady, who's name is Morgantha. She explains that the pies put you into a trance and give you a few hours of pleasant dreams.

Thalion asks where we are. Morgantha realises we're newcomers. "If you're new here, you'll definitely want these pastries. You're stuck here now, it's not fun but we try to survive."

She tells us that the place is sparsely populated; this village is the main settlement, the other town is Vallaki to the west, and there are a couple of Vistani encampments.

Charity buys two more pies, and we stash our five pies away. We ask after her trade route, and Morgantha says she has a mill between the two villages.

> CF and A spend 5gp, acquire 5 dream pies

Charity hitches Sir Carrots to the *Blood on the Vine*'s hitching post, and steps through the door into the tavern. It's quiet inside, but there's a few folk around.

A fire blazes on the hearth, a table of folk talking in low voices, a lone customer at a table on his own, and someone behind the bar.

Aryn approaches the bar and proposes free drinks and meals in return for her entertaining the tavern. The barman responds with the pricing of the drinks. Aryn buys a pitcher and plonks it down on a free table, walks over to the stage, and unpacks her bagpipes.

One of the group steps up to the stage and tells her "Hang on -- it's five copper to take the stage." There's a bit of discussion where it's established that he's the owner of the tavern. He won't shake Charity's hand and quickly returns to his group.

The lone customer beckons us over. Banhammer loomes over to stand near that table, and the rest of us sit down, bringing our wine pitcher.

He introduces himself as Ismark Kolyana, and offers his condolences for us joining the groups of cursed souls who are Borovia's inhabitants. Ismark apologises for the owner, saying that he is Vistani and they're only in it for the money.

Ismark's advice is that we stop caring about things, it'll make it easier to survive. He asks about our backgrounds. Banhammer tells the group his back story about losing the memory of his full past.

"How are you with wolves and other forest-based dangers?" Ismark asks. Banhammer claims he's partly oak, so adapts well to wood based creatures. Ismark realises he's not talking to a guy *in* armour, but a guy who kinda *is* armour. He's pretty interested in whether Banhammer has a soul at all.

Ismark asks us if we want to help him with a task, and asks what we know of Borovia.Banhammer claims that there's a big ol' nail here in Borovia, and he's ready to address that problem -- showing his massive hammer.

Ismark tells us that Borovia is a prison made to trap the devil, and the rest of us are trapped here alongside him. Strahd is that devil and is both warden and prisoner. Charity asks about the Cursed Prince we were told about, and it turns out that's Strahd too.

Ismark's sister Ireena has captured Strahd's affection and attention, and Strahd been hassling her to become his consort. She's protected somewhat by the vampire rules about invitation into the house, but the stream of rats and ravens and werewolves is exhausting. Ismark wants our help to transport his sister to Vallaki where he thinks she will be more protected.

Charity asks about his family situation, meaning his nobility rank. We find out that his father "was" the burgomeister of the town, and Ismark's mansion is the mayor's house.

But mid-sentence he stops and freezes up. The room seems to dim, and Ismark sits bolt upright, colour draining from his face.

Strahd strides into the tavern, full of brash bro-talk. He greets Ismark and asks him "Who are these dorks?", to which Aryn replies "Who are **you**?"

Strahd orders a beer for Ismark and mockingly orders milk for the rest of us. Ismark is stricken and more-or-less unresponsive.

Strahd attempts charms against us, with varying success, but continues his high-confidence bluster claiming ownership over everything in Borovia. Aryn's Suggestion spell in return doesn't work. Charity does successfully pick-pocket something from Strahd's front right pocket -- a stone wrapped in paper -- sneaking it into her own pocket without looking at it, but he gives Charity a slow wink so it seems that he was fully aware of the event.

Eventually Strahd *later-dudes* out of the tavern, to a collective shiver from all of us. Charity looks around the group and tells Ismark that we're all absolutely on board with helping him and his sister out. He's pretty out of it still, but we bully him out of the tavern.

We decide to check in to Bill Drass' Mercantile before we head for Ismark's house. Behind the counter is a human male. He doesn't react much to our presence until Charity introduces herself. Everything here is ten times the regular price. Thalion is ready to do some murdering as the purchase price, but we exit.

On the way to the burgomeister's we hear a sob from a house. Charity also hears a thud from the house opposite.

Ismark tells us the sob was Mad Mary, who's probably fine. The thud direction, however, was a house on which is perched a big raven, watching us. It might be the same one we saw previously, but none of us can confidently tell one big corvid from another.

At the end of the street we reach the weary looking mansion of the burgomeister. The gates are twisted away and the grounds are unkempt; all the windows are barred with planks, stained by signs of evil. The grass around the mansion looks trampled by wolves and other creatures.

Ismark warns us that Ireena is not great and we shouldn't let her demeanor put us off, then knocks a secret knock on the door. A  conversation ensues through the door where Ismark tried to convince Ireena that he's really him. Eventually the door opens and we are invited in.

Charity finds a fairly rough spot for Sir Carrots, then we all troop into the mansion. It's well furnished. One room has a coffin in the middle of the room, with a faint smell of decay emanating therefrom.

Ismark introduces us to Ireena. She's not particularly comfortable with the strangers in her house. Aryn lays on the rizz, trying to make her feel more comfortable.

Eventually Ireena relaxes a little. She explains that she doesn't want to leave until her father is put to rest. We can either schlepp the father's coffin across town to the graveyard and bury him right now, but that would mean we'd be at the church when night falls. Or, we hole up in the house and try the burial and escape tomorrow.

We decide to do the burial now and see what happens. We nail Kolyan Kolyana's coffin lid down, load Carrots up with the coffin, and head across town. We make it to the church.

The church is worn and weary. The doors are scarred by flame and claw. Charity, the slightest of the group, strides up the stairs and bangs on the doors while the others unload the heavy coffin. There's no answer so Charity pushes open the doors.

Inside she hears the mutter of a prayer, and an inhuman scream comes up through the floorboards. Charity takes a breath and walks briskly in toward the priest.

The voice below the floor cries out "Father! I hunger!"

Charity introduces herself to the priest, who's name is Donovich, and who welcomes her to the Church of the Morninglord. She asks after a quick burial, as the rest of the group lug the coffin inside.

Donovich tells us that he can't dig a grave, and since it's duisk, if we go outside to do it now we'd be fighting off Strahd's minions. Neither will he accept us leaving the coffin with him, since dead things don't always stay dead. So our options are to hunker down in the church and bury the guy tomorrow morning, or do some kind of simultaneous digging and fighting tonight.
