# Session 16
## 2025 12 14

Before we start, we review our card readings from Session 6.

There's cello music coming from somewhere. The woman in the room is moving carefully and deliberately, like she's being taught how to do things for the first time. The Abbot is instructing her in sitting and being graceful.

He invites us in, friendly and welcoming, and bids us sit.

"What brings you here?"

BH: We're looking for our friend Ireena.

"You're the first visitors we've had forever. But you are indeed welcome to stay in the safety of our humble abbey."

T: Let's try again. Your creepy ass monsters kidnapped a friend of ours, we want her back.

"You're mistaken, my bellviews couldn't kidnap a person, that's beyond them. But I see you aren't convinced. You're welcome to search around, I hope you find what you need."

Aryn: So tell me about the chimera people..

Charity butts in: So we're safe? Is that what you told Spiderface Batgirl outside?

"Sadly, all of the bellviews are afflicted in some way. Marzina, the *batgirl* as you call her, has a unique case of paranoia. For their own safety we need keep some of them restrained, including Marzina. But worry not, their fate is not yours -- unless you fall into insanity yourselves," and he smiles. "You perhaps met Otto and Zigfrek outside; they are some of my better successes at helping the bellviews overcome their curse."

We disengage and head for the stairs up. The abbot calls "Clovin, we have guests, please come and accompany them on their tour of the abbey!" The somber string music stops, and a creature comes clumping down the stairs, staggering on each step and falling down the last few. He's clearly drunk but seems ready to show us around. His second, baby-like head hisses at us and we see it's snake-like tongue.

We head upstairs with Clovin as the abbot returns to training the woman who looks just like Ireena.

We arrive in a loft, the highest floor. There's a belfry above with a bell and descending rope. There's something under a sheet, kind of corpse-shaped. Banhammer asks if it's a body, and Clovin says "yeah".

BH peeks. Under the shroud is a collection of body parts, and some of them are his own. He gasps but when he picks up the parts, he realises he was mistaken and they're body parts from various women, waiting to be stitched together. This is very creepy.

BH pushes open the door to the south. It leads to the ramparts that join the two wings. There are scarecrows dressed as soldiers here and there on the battlements. We make our way across the ramparts to the southeast wing.

The first room we enter is a dorm room with mouldering bunk beds. A woman jumps out and threatens Aryn with a knife. "Who are you?" she demands.

BH: Just looking for a mate (and describes Ireena).

"What use would you have for that monster down there!? Are you with the Abbot? Are you with Strahd?" She glances at Aryn. "Why else would you be travelling with a *vampire*?" and she pricks Aryn with her dagger.

Charity finally realising stuff about Aryn: "Aaahhhh, that makes sense."

Her name is Ezmerelda d'Avenir, and she seems to be a vampire hunter. We describe how Aryn is fine in the sun, so can't really be a vampire, and that we really are just looking for Ireena.

She relaxes slightly as she starts to believe us. She describes the Abbot's intention to build a girlfriend for Strahd, and Ezmerelda's plan is to ambush Strahd when he comes to collect her. Like everybody else we've talked to, she also believes that Ireena didn't come here, and she's been keeping watch pretty carefully.

Thalion busts her balls a bit about the flaws in her vampire hunting plan, which apparently involves hiding in a crappy old dorm room. Ez eventually decides we aren't in league with Strahd or the Abbot, and exits through the window.

We move on to the next room. This has a wooden counter, and stairs downward, from which we hear hooting and hollering. We skip the stairs for now and head for the next door, which opens into another room of long-abandoned beds. Clovin arrives at the door and says "No. Don't go in there." just as a bunch of angry spirits materialise.

The few spirits that avoid Thalion's Turn Undead are quickly destroyed, and then we methodically wipe out the remainder as they cower in the corners of the room.

Three doors exiting this room are labelled "Operating Room", "Nursery", "Morgue". Charity hauls Clovin into the room and points to the Operating Room door. "What's in there? Anything dangerous?" He shrugs, and Charity gives up.

We're thinking of our tarot cards, and open the Nursery door. There's the wreckage of wooden cribs. We catch a reflection in the window, a white-robed nun standing in the doorway, but when we turn to look she's not there. Turning back we see an amulet under the splintered wood.

> T acquires the Holy Symbol of Ravenkind

----
**Holy Symbol of Ravenkind** 

_Wondrous item, legendary (requires attunement by a cleric or paladin of good alignment)_

The _Holy Symbol of Ravenkind_ is a unique holy symbol sacred to the good-hearted faithful of Barovia. It predates the establishment of any church in Barovia. According to legend, it was delivered to a paladin named Lugdana by a giant raven -- or an angel in the form of a giant raven. Lugdana used the holy symbol to root out and destroy nests of vampires until her death. The high priests of Ravenloft kept and wore the holy symbol after Lugdana's passing.

The holy symbol is a platinum amulet shaped like the sun, with a large crystal embedded in its center. The holy symbol has 10 charges for the following properties. It regains 1d6 + 4 charges daily at dawn.

**_Hold Vampires._** As an action, you can expend 1 charge and present the holy symbol to make it flare with holy power. Vampires and vampire spawn within 30 feet of the holy symbol when it flares must make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, a target is paralyzed for 1 minute. It can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect on itself.

**_Turn Undead._** If you have the Turn Undead or the Turn the Unholy feature, you can expend 3 charges when you present the holy symbol while using that feature. When you do so, undead have disadvantage on their saving throws against the effect.

**_Sunlight._** As an action, you can expend 5 charges while presenting the holy symbol to make it shed bright light in a 30-foot radius and dim light for an additional 30 feet. The light is sunlight and lasts for 10 minutes or until you end the effect (no action required).

----

We check the Operating Room. There's a blood-stained table and nothing else; the blood isn't fresh. Banhammer heads into the Morgue. It's empty, and a raven is perched on the windowsill. When we approach, it flies off.

We had back to the stairs we skipped earlier. It leads down to a small office on ther ground floor with smashed desk and chair, and a hallway that leads into an area of cells, from which comes the sound of chattering and hooting. Clovin stumps to the hallway and calls down "Oi meat-heap, calm down! These people are friends!" He's talking to a horrifying 7 feet tall flesh golem kludged together out of discarded parts.

Clovin tells us "No sudden moves, and meat-heap here will be chill. Let's all be chill about it." We look creeped out and he says "Hey maybe your little friend is in here," and throws open the first door.

The room is packed with creepy guys, and the bones of other creepy guys these guys have eaten. Also, according to the smell, some of the parts of the eaten guys that have come back out of the guys who ate them.

The second room holds three creepy guys. One is holding something shiny, a polished candlestick. We back out. Room three holds five creepy guys, four fighting and the fifth cackling behind a wooden statue of a woman in robes, that we think is St Markovia. It's covered in bite marks.

Room four holds eight creepy guys holding a gold statuette, while they caper around chanting a rhyme.

```chant
The devil dwells in his dark house,
Upon the misty pillar.
First he'll taste her sweet, sweet blood,
And then he'll have to kill her.
```

Room five has a bunch of creepy guys with some baby creepies, and some other creepy guys hitting each other with sticks. Room six is seven creepy guys sitting in a ring, chanting. It seems like a spell but it's not clear what their goal is -- Thalion's best guess is that they're trying to make the dinner bell ring.

Room seven has a child's fort, made of broken furniture and drapery. There's cackling from inside. Room eight, the last room, has nine creepy guys all staring silently and hungrily at the door. Clovin finished his wine as we get here, and throws his bottle to smash in the middle of the room.

The hallway ends in a door to the outside. We see a few garden plots inside a low wall. A few scarecrows guard the meagre crop.























