# Session 9
## 2025 08 10

So we crossed a bridge and came to a crossroads. The broken sign nearby says Krezk and Tsolenka Pass are to the southwest, Lake Baratok lies to the northwest, Vallaki and Ravenloft to the northeast, and Berez to the southeast.

Our path to the winery and abbey are toward Krezk, so we head south west. As we travel that way, Aryn notices more ravens (or maybe crows, we can't completely know for sure) watching us as we pass.

Our path curves to the northwest and we come to a fork. On the road there is a skeletal rider sits on a skeletal horse, holding aloft a lantern that sheds no light.

Charity and Banhammer approach cautiously. It seems to be muttering to itself, trying to make a decision.

Charity calls out "Oy you, do you know why the skeleton didn't go to the prom?"

The skeleton appears to notice us for the first time. Charity calls out the answer: "Because it had no body to go with!"

There is no visible reaction from the skeleton.

Banhammer and Charity start to sidle past the mounted skeleton, Aryn and Thalion coming along too. Once we pass, the skeleton appears to come to a decision and gallops down the road we came from. We hope that he's not heading to collect Ireena.

We pass another fork, taking the more well-trodden road, and come to a bridge. We notice a couple of mostly-hidden figures on the riverbank, covered in mud. They're not lying in wait, so we stand by for a minute. Thalion and Banhammer clank up in their armour and machinery, and scare off the mudfolk.

Aryn calls out in friendly reassurance; one of the figures stops and looks back, waiting to see what happens. Aryn asks what they're doing, but they stay silent.

Aryn and Charity remember the dream cakes; we take one out and offer it, leaving it on the ground and backing away so they can collect it. They're interested, but once they take the cake and sniff it, they wig out, smashing the cake and running off. We conclude that these folk are wilderness dwellers, generally avoiding contact with the local civilisation. We head toward the signpost near the bridge.

Southwest, along the river, is the Wizard of Wines. Northwest over the bridge is Kresk. We consider that the winery might lead to us being saddled with a wine delivery and decide to try for the abbey first, however it's nightfall, so we start looking for a campsite. The best we can find is a flat riverside area near the bridge.

That night during Banhammer's watch, two mud-folk approach, stealthily. He watches for a minute, unconcerned. Once he notices their weapons, he calls out "You won't need those, we're friendly". They run off.

Later during Aryn's watch, she hears screams for help up the road we came from. It sounds like Ireena. She ignores it for a while, but eventually rouses the rest of us. "Let's go see," she reluctantly advises us.

We are pretty confident this is an agent of Strahd, but we're okay killing more agents of Strahd. Banhammer agrees and immediately strides off down the road, yelling "Ireeeeena!!" and banging his metal bits together.

We see Ireena, galloping toward us on a horse and calling for help. Banhammer stands in the road. Apparently-Ireena is pursued by two humanoid creatures; as they approach us we attack them.

The fight is pretty touch as the creatures rapidly heal, and Banhammer takes a few swings to get warmed up with his maul, but one at a time we drop them.

We stumble back to the camp and heal up while we talk to Ireena. She reports that St Andrals was attacked the night we left, clearly after Ireena. She managed to grab a horse and flee, as Ismark stayed behind to slow down pursuit. With no other points of safety she fled in our direction.

Sitting there hungry and worried, we level up!





