# Session 10
## 2025 08 24

Ireena is with us now but we are still heading to Kresk and the abbey beyond.

Kresk is a tiny town with a wall set slightly back from the road. The guards are reluctant to admit strangers despite Aryn's bardish charms.

We describe our missions to investigate the abbey and pursue a missing delivery from the winery, and a noble at the gate recognises Ireena as the daughter of Borovia's burghermeister and declares that he'll allow Ireena in, but the rest of us need to go sort our their own wine delivery from the Wizards of Wine, which is also late, before they let us in.

We don't love the suspicion we are held in but we need to go sort out whatever's happening at the winery anyway, so we agree that we'll go check that out.

The road to the winery was back past the bridge, and as we approach the bridge we see a small black book lying in the dirt on the bridge. Banhammer fetches it; inside it's all blank.

> BH acquires a mysterious blank notebook

Banhammer tries writing "Strahd" in the book, but his charcoal makes no mark on the page. He shrugs and stows the notebook away in his pack.

The path to the winery is muddy and misty, and forks just before we get to the vineyard. West to vineyard, south into dark forest. We choose west, which skirts fields of grapes and curves toward the large farmhouse.

A man in a cowl stands at the edge of a forested area and is beckoning us to approach. Charity draws an arrow and covers the cowled figure as Banhammer approaches him.

"It's not often we see travellers, what brings you here?" he asks. Banhammer responds that we're checking on some late deliveries.

"There's been a problem at the vineyard. I don't think anyone's getting any wine any time soon."

"Why, what's going on?" BH prompts.

"A ten-day ago the vineyard was overrun by a bunch of druids. They don't seem that interested in wine production."

Charity relaxes her stance and we all join the group, which includes children. They describe how they are the proper owners of the vineyard and they were deposed by a few druids, leading a horde of beasts. They're scraping by living in the nearby woods but aren't keeping that close a watch on the house so they don't know what kind of patrols or guard schedules there are.

We spend a few minutes helping out with the displaced winery families, and then decide we'll just sneak up to the winery and see what happens. Charity looks at the armoured and bagpipe-carrying folk she's with and declares that she'll go sneak around the back.

Charity works a wide circle around the main house as the rest of the party head up the main path; as we move in, some clumps of vines move and twist and pull up from the ground, becoming humanoid vine creatures.

There's lots of vine creatures but they're all stricken with either dry rot or wet rot to be very tough, so we churn through them in relatively short order.

Halfway through the fight a druid comes to the door of the winery. Aran calls out "Call off your stick people, we three just want to talk!"

This doesn't seem to make any impression on the druid, so Charity sends an arrow their way. It hits, and the druid's skin mutates into some kind of bark and he runs in to the fight where Banhammer is standing.

Another druid comes out from the house, calling for Glen. When they realise there's a fight they drop their dagwood dog and start to activate their bark armour, just as Glen calls out "hey watch out for the snip–" and an arrow from Charity thunks into him, breaking his concentration on his bark armour spell. He runs in to back up Glen anyway.

Glen gets mocked for having the lamest druid name, which seems to get to him pretty hard.

The non-Glen druid dies to another sniper arrow, and Glen throws up his hands and surrenders. He seems to be resigning from being a druid, as well as this fight. There's one remaining needleblight which turns to attack Glen, but we kill it before it can hurt him.

Banhammer demands Glen account for himself. He tells us that stuff grows well here because of some buried artefact that makes things grow and protects them; his druid group took the artefact a few tendays ago. Then just a tenday ago they came again and evicted the family, he's not sure why. He tells us that there's one or two druids left in the house still.

