Session 21
============

2026 03 29

We're standing in a crowd the first moments of a rain shower, slightly shocked silence that followed a laugh at the Baron's expense.

Banhammer has a sudden suspicion that Strahd might come to these events in some sort of disguise, and scans the crowd. He doesn't see anyone who look suspicious in any specifically Strahdish way.

The crowd meanwhile has taken a big step back from the person who laughed, making it obvious who committed that crime -- a man identified as Lars by murmurs in the crowd. The Baron commands his guards apprehend him and he is quickly apprehended.

Lackeys hurriedly light the Baron's torch, and he returns to his speech about how positivity is the only way forward and cynicism feeds Strahd's power. His speech doesn't seem to land with the crowd, who all feel like they could easily have been Lars.

Charity covers her mouth and calls out "Yeah, fuck Strahd!" in a fake voice. That was a bit of a miscalculation but no-one picked her out of the crowd so she seems to have gotten away with it.

The Baron takes the now lit torch and ignites the wicker sun, which sputter a bit but finally catches alight and is soon a big oil-fueled ball of fire, pushing out heat through the light drizzle. It burns hot enough that the Baron's party shuffles back a bit.

The children who led the parade start a reasonably well arranged festival celebration song that is clearly a re-worded hymn to the Morninglord.

Lars had been shackled to the stage quite close to the fire, so has limited space to shield himself from the heat and seems uncomfortable.

Charity talks to Banhammer, having noticed him scanning the crowd earlier, and hear his suspection about S being here in disguise. She picks out a super-gigaChad-looking stranger.

Charity grabs BH's hand and leads him through the crowd. As we pass shirtless GigaChad, and Charity tells Banhammer "Did you hear when someone called out Fuck Strahd, and everyone nodded in agreement?"

Strahd invites comparisons between this disguise and his real body. C BH and S verbally fence for a minute before Charity says they're heading back to talk to their friends, and defines the word "friend" for Strahd. He mutters "hard to get, just how I like them" and Charity can't help but shudder in distaste.

Lars is starting to overheat and is obviously uncomfortable. BH mentions to a guard that Lars is in danger, but the guard shrugs it off. 

The choir wraps up and the Baron addresses the crowd, directing them to engage with the vendors and generally enjoy the festival. Suddenly we hear screams and see people running from the road that leads toward the stockyard.

Charity casts Shape Water to cool Lars down before we go look into the new problem. Banhammer attempts to pick him up to drag him away, but the shackle pulls tight. We assess the pole he's shackled to; it's heavy and well seated in the ground.

BH shrugs and applies his favourite solution, a Big Smash With A Maul. The pole splinters but doesn't break. One more smash does it and Lars can unloop his chains, but this time a few people from the crowd notice. Banhammer glances around and declares loudly "So make sure you report to the guards! Justice must be done!" and we leave him.

We turn toward the commotion, and Thalion notices someone slipping their hand into his pocket. It's one of the smarmy highborn brothers Aryn met at the Bluewater Inn. He's trying to slip a note into Thalion's pocket. Thalion grabs him, glances at the note, and says "Yes? What is it?"

The brother is clearly super aware of being seen with us and tries to twist away. Thalion lets him go and looks at the note. It gives a street address in Vallaki, and a time in the late evening.

We finally get to head toward the shouts and screams. A short way up the road we encounter a sabre-tooth cat that's wrecking a few guards. We charge in.

The cat is wearing a kind of harness, so it's not a wild cat. Aryn tries to convince the guards fighting it to keep it alive, but they're fighting for their own lives and aren't convinced. The cat easily kills a guard.

We land a few more hits and Aryn lands a sleep spell which knocks it out. We rush over to tie it up, Thalion expertly binding the cat.

Charity wonders if this is a were-cat and quickly searches the cat for signs. She finds the brand `RVR` on its ear. We decide we'd like to have an alliance with someone who keeps giant cats as pets, but we can't do much other than stick around and hope that the owner shows up before the guards.

Unfortunately it's guards first, and they try to blame us as if it's our cat. We argue that they're right in the sense that it's been our cat since we captured it a few moments ago, thanks to the rules of hunting.

We notice Rictavio sneaking along the edge of the road, perhaps heading toward his caravan. Charity hitches up her hoop skirt and calls out "Hey! Rictavio! Hold up!" She catches up to where he should be and can't see him. She chases down a rustling in the bushes but she's missed him. It's a little uncanny and Charity suspects he's done something magical to escape.

Soon the Baron shows up with a retinue, Lars shackled to the Baron's horse. Things get more complicated and we have to defend our position all over again, but the Baron is happy to remand the cat into our care and warns us that we're responsible for any further carnage.

We ask the Baron about "RVR" but he can't recall anyone with those initials. He quizzes the guards about the provenance of the beast but they don't know much. The guy who ran for "reinforcements" tells us that the cat had come from the east, the direction of the stockyards and the eastern city gate.

The Baron directs us to investigate the cat's appearance and asks for us to report direct to him as soon as we have results. He seems to have little faith in his town guards to do any of that work. We suggest that he can speak to his master of coin about a salary commensurate to the work.

As he rides off he says over his shoulder that we can accept a free registration for our new pet (a known dangerous creature with a high pet registration fee) as the greater part of our fee. He occasionally bellows "All will be well! There is nothing to fear!" as he rides into the distance.

The cat stirs. It seems to be fairly calm. Aryn lets it sniff her hand and it growls at her; we conclude that it doesn't like Dhampir bagpipe players. We do some planning; we think we might be able to do some investigation but first we need to safely move about the town with this huge hog-tied cat.









