Session 20
============

2026 03 15

We're at the Bluewater Inn, and Charity's holding a carrot Danica gave her to give to Sir Carrots. We head for the stables, Aryn double-fisting a couple of full tavern mugs.

On the way there we pass some guards accosting a group of townsfolk. Charity immediately inserts herself into the middle of the group and tries to disarm the situation, which works well enough and as the slightly drunk guards leave the area Charity Mage Hands a guard's belt so his pants fall down.

Aryn finishes a mug en route, and we pass Rictavio's carnival wagon and note how it's heavily padlocked. Charity finds Sir Carrots and give him the carrot, a walk around and a good brush down. The others wander around the yard but there's not much else of interest here and the Arisek supply store is super expensive.

We chat to the Ariseks for a while but they don't have any fresh info for us. We say goodbye to Sir Carrots and head back toward the Bluewater.

On the way there's a commotion on the road. A boy runs down the road looking for someone -- it's Miliboj   , the altarboy from St Andrals. He's panicked and breathlessly reports that the church is being attacked by hoardes of bats.

We rush down the road to the church, Aryn swapping one of her empties for a full one from a patron's table as we run past the tavern.

We rush into the church to find Fr Lucien and a few worshippers being attacked by swarms of bats. Early in the fight a bat drops from the rafters and transforms into a vampire spawn. Banhammer uses a fire rune for the first time. It takes a few turns but we eventually kill the bats. Two parishioners are dead.

The church folk take a breath and start planning the pyre they need to dispose of the bodies. Charity takes a swig of Aryn's remaining drink and goes out to the pyre area and nocks an arrow, surveying the skies for attack. She notices a watching raven and transforms into a Strahd disguise, pointing at the raven and demanding a report. The raven looks a little embarrassed.

The pyre goes as well as can be expected and we head back to the pub. It's even quieter, perhaps word of the church battle has sent even more people home. Danica offers a free room and a wolfmeat dinner. Thalion requests a room that has definitely no bats, and she flashes some Keepers of the Feather gang signs and tells us that this is as safe as you can be in Borovia.

We talk with Danica about tomorrow's festival. We can expect a Burning-Man-style giant effigy bonfire but we don't have to prep any costumes or anything.

After the last few days the group is very inclined to snooze late and have a leisurely breakfast which is well supported by the Bluewater Inn. We get the sense that we're enjoying even better quality food and service than normal for the inn, as a kind of quiet thanks from Danica and the staff.

We head to the town square just as the formal presentation begins, under a dark sky. A parade of sad looking children lead a group of adults and then the Baron's party, hauling a big wicker sphere. It's doused with oil but rain starts as he tries to light it and it doesn't catch. He bellows "All will be well!" but his torch sputters out. A singular laugh comes from crowd, and then a cluster of gasps.










