Session 18
============

2025 02 08

It's morning in Kresk, we just broke the burgermeister's arm, and we think about our next moves.

We think about our tarot card readings, and decide we should go back to Valaki and talk to Blinsky some more.

On the road towards evening we notice a single large travelling cart pulled over near a campfire burning. We hear an instrument playing merry music, which we identify as Vistani.

We think through our Vistani encounters so far; we did fight last time, because they were kidnapping a friend of ours, but we think that might not bias this group against us. We decide that Aryn can head in and see if they're friendly.

On approach she spots the lyre and calls out "hey sick lyre, wanna jam?"

The Vistani recognise her from the big camp we visited earlier. The lyre player is happy to see another musician and she is welcomed into the group.

Meanwhile Charity and Banhammer notice the Vistani's two lookouts observing us. We join the camp, and Charity takes a couple of drinks out to the lookouts and lightly flirts. Her Sending Stone blips, Strahd messaging "Whoever you speak to, remember I'm your number 1". She replies "u so thirsty. chill bro"

Meanwhile Aryn is chatting around the campfire. She tells the story about how she has a cool toy on order from a master toymaker called Blinsky. A Vistani produces their own Blinsky toy for admiration -- a tiny gallows with working trap door. They share their experiences as travelling musicians, and later in the evening the Vistani offer magical tattoos, for what they describe as a family and friends discounted price.

> T: relinquishes the Amulet of the Devout

Aryn gets a fine line tattoo on her back of a snake weaving through flowers.

> A: acquires Ghost Step Tattoo

---

**Ghost Step Tattoo**  
_Wondrous item (tattoo), very rare

Produced by a special needle, this tattoo shifts and wavers on the skin, parts of it appearing blurred.

**_Tattoo Attunement._** To attune to this item, you hold the needle to your skin where you want the tattoo to appear, pressing the needle there throughout the attunement process. When the attunement is complete, the needle turns into the ink that becomes the tattoo, which appears on the skin.

If your attunement to the tattoo ends, the tattoo vanishes.

**_Ghostly Form._** The tattoo has 3 charges, and it regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As a bonus action while the tattoo is on your skin, you can expend 1 of the tattoo's charges to become incorporeal until the end of your next turn. Outside of combat you can expend 2 charges to gain the effects for 10 minutes. For the duration, you gain the following benefits: 

- You have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from nonmagical attacks.
- You can't be grappled or restrained.
- You can move through creatures and solid objects as if they were difficult terrain. If you end your turn in a solid object, you take 1d10 force damage. If the effect ends while you are inside a solid object, you instead are shunted to the nearest unoccupied space, and you take 1d10 force damage for every 5 feet traveled.

---

The Vistani tell us about a spate of attacks on travellers from the uncivilised wild folk of the forest.

Early that morning Charity notices a rustling in the bushes. She leaps into the bush, killing and impaling a medium size rodent on her sword. She flings the corpse toward the fire for breakfast and resumes watch.

Next morning we break camp and head off our separate ways. We take a northerly fork that leads toward a lake. A side trail leads to a causeway that leads across the lake to a marshy island with an ancient stone tower with gryphon statues. A barrel-top wagon spattered in mud is parked on the island near the tower.

Banhammer peers through the fog but can't see anyone moving. With Banhammer in the lead, we cross the causeway and approach the tower. We approach the cart. Under the layers of mud there's fresh paint, and brass fittings including lanterns. There's a "KEEP OUT" sign near the padlocked back door.

Charity hails the wagon but there's no response. She move on to the tower and looks at the door. It's iron with no hinges or handles, a magical symbol on it, and the word "Khazan".

Banhammer is cautious of the symbol. Charity hails the tower, to no response.

Thalion turns back to the cart and Banhammer smashes open the padlock and pulls open the door. There's a clinking noise as a flask of Alchemist's Fire drops into a bucket of more Alchemist's Fire and the cart explodes.

Charity is blown to the ground, and Banhammer and Thalion are severely wounded.

Our friend Esmerelda appears behind Aryn, again, with a knife to her throat and hisses "you have five seconds to convince me that you're not with Strahd and following me!"

Aryn's pitch is that S has ravens to follow people so has no need to use people like us, and E should already know that we're not with Strahd. And also, if we had been following E we wouldn't have triggered her trap, and we wouldn't have called out a minute ago to whoever was in the cart.

She lets Banhammer help Charity back to consciousness. We have a few minutes of tense conversation in which Esmeralda tells us that this is an abandoned wizard's tower that pre-dates Strahd's reign. We tell her that we're happy to leave after we rest up a bit, and she finally relents and lets Aryn free.

As part of our agreement we get ready to head off after resting. However on the way down the causeway we see a pack of wolves coming out of the woods and waiting at the end of the causeway. We notice Esmerelda rubbing at her leg as she watches the wolves, and realise her leg is prosthetic.

We realise there's a few huge super-wolves in the group, and Esmerelda tells us that we need magic or silver to take out these creatures and throws Thalion a silvered sword.

During the fight one of the werewolves snarls to the others "Killing the woman is the goal! Anything else is just a bonus!" and the wolf creatures focus on Esmerelda. She responds with a lightning bolt she shoots from her false leg.

We grind away at the wolf creatures and Esmerelda calls out that she wants the leader taken alive. Thalion's blindness spell is enough to allow E to knock the creature down, and it reverts to a human form on the ground.

The remaining wolfman runs but is skewered by an arrow and falls.





