Session 22
============

2026 04 26

We're standing in the street with a mostly awake giant cat tied up next to us.

We look at the cat. We ask if it understands us, but it doesn't appear to speak any of the languages we can speak and in every way acts just like a much larger and slightly deadly house cat.

Aryn and Charity rush off to the stockyards to get a cart. On the way they see evidence that the cat came this way. At the entrance to the stock yards, Gunther and Ylena Arisek, the stockyard owners, are talking to a guard near the fenced area that holds Rictavio's caravan; the back wall of the caravan that once was a sturdy locked door is now busted out from the inside.

As we approach they stop talking and look at us expectantly. Aryn: "What happened here?"

Ylena recaps her story: they heard thumping and thudding, came out to see the van rocking back and forth, and then a creature burst out the back of the caravan. We saw a human figure run off, and then the cat chased them into the streets.

"And this is Rictavio's caravan, right?" we ask.

"Yee...ss, that the half-elf's caravan." We can't tell why they're reluctant to talk about Ric, but they say they haven't seen him today.

Charity introduces herself to the guard as an official investigator, but he seems reluctant to place himself at our disposal.

We move on to borrowing a cart. They immediately move this to a rental conversation but we lean on civic duty and eventually convince them to offer a cart for free.

> Group: obtains a cart on loan from the Arisek Stockyards

On the way out we glance over Ric's caravan, and we see it shake a bit. We're pretty sure Rictavio is invisible and is hiding in his caravan. Aryn slips down out of the cart to stand next to the caravan, and has a one-sided conversation with Ric telling him (if he is indeed there) that we have his cat and we're willing to talk, and maybe offer wine, whenever he's ready.

Meanwhile, Banhammer and Thalion are guarding the sabre-toothed cat. The street around has some curious spectators, mostly keeping a healthy distance from the massive, lightly bound predator. Thalion is scanning the crowd; he notices a few houses to the east, Rictavio is peering around a corner.

But then he notices one of the two noble-born brothers, not the one who has slipped him a note but the other, sidling forwards through the crowd. The cat can see this guy and appears to get a bit agitated.

Banhammer sternly instructs the cat to "calm down!" and although that isn't much of a calming presence, it does serve as a distraction and the cat relaxes a little.

The cart arrives with Aryn and Charity, and we catch up on each other's stories. The noble brother and Rictavio are both out of sight, so we drive the cart back to the stockyard and ask for a place to park it overnight.

Charity asks if this is the creature they saw earlier, and they are a bit surprised to see it again, but when they realise it's tied up they relax a little. We ask for a place to keep the beast overnight.

While we're working out how to keep the cat constrained but alive, Thalion realises that the harness on the cat is actually a super strong and well designed harness, but it's designed to aesthetically appear much more mid-quality than it is.

We work out a way to chain it up that lets us free the beast's foot bindings. Once we take the bindings off, the cat sits in a polite observing position. Aryn gives it a bowl of water, but it ignores it and watches us.

Charity casts an illusion of Sir Carrots in the shed to hopefully avoid anyone trying to steal the cat (and adds in a couple of corpses that look like they were killed by Sir Carrots, just to make sure people realise it's dangerous). She doesn't realise until too late that the illusion only lasts 10 minutes.

We ask the Ariseks to keep an eye on the cat, and they receive that badly. Oh well. We head off again, deciding to go visit Blinsky's place to see if we can catch up with him.

It's still festival day, and we see signs of festival across the town, of the slightly grim and subdued flavour we have come to expect from Vallaki. As we come up to the Bluewater, there's a small crowd outside and a fair bit of excited chatter. We stop to see what's going on.

The crowd is surrounding two kneeling people, in the middle of a game of chance. One of the players is a scrawny guy who smells very obviously like a fisherman; the other player is Gastonovich. They're gambling on claims made about their dice rolls; as we watch, Gastonovich calls a bluff and wins the game.

We decide to go see Blinsky to see if he as some loaded dice he can sell us. As we leave the not-passing brother takes the seat opposite Gastonovich.

At Blinsky's, the door is closed but this time there's no sign saying he's not in. We try the door but it's locked; Banhammer knocks. Inside we can hear something happening, but it doesn't seem to be a reaction to our knock. The windows are too grimy and hazy to give us any idea what's happening inside.

Charity taps with her little fist, then Banhammer thuds the door again, shaking it in the frame. Charity says "Well if they didn't hear my knock, why do you think they'll hear yours?"

After a second Blinsky pops his door open. He seems surprised we are there. We can see that his store has been turned over -- smashed furniture, toys strewn around. Blinsky is trying to block our view. "No problem! Renovating! Change is good, like holiday!"

Banhammer says "I'm good at moving stuff" but Blinsky insists we don't need to help. "You go do your important work!"

Banhammer is backing away but Charity barges in and prestidigitates away some paint splash. She doesn't accept Blinsky's objections and starts tidying. We all start in, as Blinsky flutters around sort of protesting and giving advice.

Charity suddenly realises the monkey isn't here, and straightens up. "Blinsky -- where's your monkey??". He whistles and the monkey comes running in from the other room. We all breathe a little sigh of relief.

Aryn asks him about her toy on order, and he admits the toy was taken. His insistence that he's renovating collapses, and he finally admits the obvious truth that he has been robbed.

He end up telling us about Issac, the Baron's right hand man, who is a violent thug. It's Issac that orders stuff in the image of Ireena / Strahd's ancient crush. When Blinsky told Izek that his Ireena doll order wasn't ready, Izek took Aryn's customisable doll in a rage, and trashed the rest of the shop.

Blinsky is apologising profusely and says he'll remake Aryn's doll as quickly as he can.

We hang around as long as we think we are useful. Thalion realises something about Piccolo's outfit -- it's very reminiscent of the cat's harness, in that it appears to be a cheap costume, but really it is top quality materials and workmanship, with built-in armour features.

We ask how Blinsky and Piccolo met. He seems reluctant to talk, but seems to decide to tell us the story of how Piccolo was a gift from Rictavio to keep Blinsky from being entirely alone. Blinsky is super appreciative of the gift.

We think hard about the craft of Blinsky and conclude that he likely isn't the crafter of the harness and monkey outfit.

Before we leave we remember the dice plan, and ask Blinsky for loaded dice. He asks why, and when we explain it's for cheating a cheater he agrees that he might have something.

We all practice rolling his trick dice, which can turn their predictability properties on and off with a sequence of taps. They're amazing and we praise Blinsky for his genius.



